stage_descriptions/background-jobs-05-ma9.md, before:

In this stage, you'll extend the `jobs` builtin to reap a single job.

### Reaping a background job

When a background process exits, it becomes a zombie — it has finished running but stays in the process table until its parent calls `waitpid`. The shell must reap these children to clean them up.

When the `jobs` builtin is invoked, the shell calls `waitpid()` with the `WNOHANG` flag (which means "check but don't block"). If a child has exited normally (e.g., `WIFEXITED`), the shell prints a `Done` line and removes the job from its table.

For example:

```bash
$ sleep 1 &
[1] 84470
# After ~1 second
$ jobs
[1]+  Done                    sleep 1
$ jobs
$
```

The next invocation of `jobs` will not list the job that was already reaped.

### Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
$ ./your_shell.sh
```

```bash
# Expect: Prompt returns; job line e.g. [1] <pid>
$ sleep 5 &
[1] 84470
$ jobs
[1]+  Running                 sleep 5 &
# After 5 seconds
$ jobs
[1]+  Done                    sleep 5
# Expect: jobs no longer lists that job
$ jobs
$ 
```

### Notes

- In this stage, you'll need to handle reaping a single background job. We'll get to handling reaping multiple background jobs in later stages.

- When using `waitpid`, only handle normal (graceful) exit. You do not need to handle signal termination, stopped, or continued states — only detect that the process has exited normally (e.g. via `WIFEXITED`).

Commit message:

Fix: Handle signal termination in job reaping documentation
Update the stage description to instruct users to check for both
WIFEXITED (normal exits) and WIFSIGNALED (signal termination) when
reaping background jobs. This prevents stale job table entries when
processes are terminated by signals, since waitpid still returns for
signal-terminated processes but WIFEXITED alone returns false for them.

stage_descriptions/background-jobs-05-ma9.md, after:

In this stage, you'll extend the `jobs` builtin to reap a single job.

### Reaping a background job

When a background process exits, it becomes a zombie — it has finished running but stays in the process table until its parent calls `waitpid`. The shell must reap these children to clean them up.

When the `jobs` builtin is invoked, the shell calls `waitpid()` with the `WNOHANG` flag (which means "check but don't block"). If a child has exited normally (e.g., `WIFEXITED`), the shell prints a `Done` line and removes the job from its table.

For example:

```bash
$ sleep 1 &
[1] 84470
# After ~1 second
$ jobs
[1]+  Done                    sleep 1
$ jobs
$
```

The next invocation of `jobs` will not list the job that was already reaped.

### Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
$ ./your_shell.sh
```

```bash
# Expect: Prompt returns; job line e.g. [1] <pid>
$ sleep 5 &
[1] 84470
$ jobs
[1]+  Running                 sleep 5 &
# After 5 seconds
$ jobs
[1]+  Done                    sleep 5
# Expect: jobs no longer lists that job
$ jobs
$ 
```

### Notes

- In this stage, you'll need to handle reaping a single background job. We'll get to handling reaping multiple background jobs in later stages.

- When using `waitpid`, handle both normal exits and signal termination. You do not need to handle stopped or continued states — only detect that the process has exited normally (e.g. via `WIFEXITED`) or was terminated by a signal (e.g. via `WIFSIGNALED`). In both cases, the job should be removed from the table.
