stage_descriptions/base-06-ez5.md, before:

In this stage, you'll implement the `type` builtin command for your shell.

The `type` builtin is used to determine how a command would be interpreted if used. Example:

```bash
$ type echo
echo is a shell builtin
$ type exit
exit is a shell builtin
$ type invalid_command
invalid_command: not found
```

In this stage we'll only test two cases: builtin commands and unrecognized commands. We'll handle
executable files in later stages.

### Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
./your_program.sh
```

It'll then send a series of `type` commands to your shell:

```bash
$ type echo
echo is a shell builtin
$ type exit
exit is a shell builtin
$ type type
type is a shell builtin
$ type invalid_command
invalid_command: not found
$
```

The tester will check if the `type` command responds correctly based on the command provided:

- If a command is a shell builtin, the expected output is `<command> is a shell builtin`.
- If a command is not recognized, the expected output is `<command>: not found`.

### Notes

- The tester will only check for builtin commands and unrecognized commands in this stage.
- `type` itself is a shell builtin command, so `$ type type` should print `type is a shell builtin`.

Commit message:

Revise "The type builtin: builtins #ez5" (stage 6)
Clarify the implementation details of the `type` builtin command for the shell, including examples and expected outputs.

stage_descriptions/base-06-ez5.md, after:

In this stage, you'll implement the `type` builtin for your shell.

### The `type` Builtin

The [`type`](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9799919799/utilities/type.html) builtin is used to determine how a command would be interpreted if used. It checks whether a command is a builtin, an executable file, or unrecognized.

For example:

```bash
$ type echo
echo is a shell builtin
$ type exit
exit is a shell builtin
$ type invalid_command
invalid_command: not found
```

For this stage, you'll handle two cases:
- Builtin commands like `echo`, `exit`, and `type`
- Unrecognized commands that don't match any builtin

We'll handle executable files in later stages.

### Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
./your_program.sh
```

It will then send a series of `type` commands to your shell:

```bash
$ type echo
echo is a shell builtin
$ type exit
exit is a shell builtin
$ type type
type is a shell builtin
$ type invalid_command
invalid_command: not found
$
```

The tester will verify that:
- Builtin commands print: `<command> is a shell builtin`
- Unrecognized commands print: `<command>: not found`

### Notes

- The tester will only check for builtin commands and unrecognized commands in this stage.
- `type` itself is a shell builtin command, so `$ type type` should print `type is a shell builtin`.
