stage_descriptions/completions-05-wh6.md, before:

In this stage, you'll implement tab completion for executables, specifically when multiple executables share a common prefix.

When the user types a command prefix and presses `<TAB>`, your shell should:

- Identify all executables in the `PATH` that match the prefix.
- If there are multiple matches,
  - On the first TAB press, just ring a bell. (`\a` rings the bell)
  - On the second TAB press, print all the matching executables separated by 2    spaces, on the next line, and follow it with the prompt on a new line.

### Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
./your_program.sh
```

It will then set up a specific `PATH` and place multiple executables starting with a common prefix into different directories in the `PATH`. Finally, it will type the common prefix, and then press the Tab key twice.

```bash
$ ./your_program.sh
$ xyz_<TAB><TAB>
xyz_bar  xyz_baz  xyz_quz
$ xyz_
```

The tester will verify that:

1. Your shell displays the prompt with the common prefix after receiving the partial command.
2. Upon the first Tab key press, your shell prints a bell character.
3. Upon the second Tab key press, your shell prints the list of matching executables separated by 2 spaces, on the next line, and follow it with the prompt on a new line.

Commit message:

Revise "Multiple completions #wh6"
Clarify instructions for tab completion behavior and example.

stage_descriptions/completions-05-wh6.md, after:

In this stage, you'll implement tab completion when multiple executables share a common prefix.

### Handling Multiple Matches

When the user types a command prefix and presses `<TAB>`, your shell should identify all executables in PATH that match the prefix:

1. On the first `<TAB>` press, ring the bell (using `\x07`).
2. On the second `<TAB>` press:
    - Print all matching executables on a new line. They must be in **alphabetical order** and separated by two spaces (<code style="white-space: pre;">  </code>).
    - Display the initial prompt on the next line.
 
For example:

```bash
$ xyz_<TAB><TAB>
xyz_bar  xyz_baz  xyz_quz
$ xyz_
```

### Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
./your_program.sh
```

It will then set up a specific `PATH` and place multiple executables starting with a common prefix into different directories in the `PATH`.

Finally, it will type the common prefix, and then press the tab key twice.

```bash
$ xyz_<TAB><TAB>
xyz_bar  xyz_baz  xyz_quz
$ xyz_
```

The tester will verify that:
- The first tab press rings the bell.
- The second tab press displays all matching executables in alphabetical order.
- The matches are separated by two spaces.
- The matches are displayed on a new line.
- The prompt reappears with the original input preserved.
