stage_descriptions/filename-completion-06-jp8.md, before:

In this stage, you'll handle partial completions using the longest common prefix.

### Longest Common Prefix

The longest common prefix is the longest string that all matching entries share at the start. For example:
- `xyz_foo`, `xyz_foo_bar`, `xyz_foo_bar_baz` have the LCP `xyz_foo`
- `readme.txt`, `report.txt` have the LCP `re`
- `app.py`, `data.json` have no common prefix (empty LCP)

When multiple entries match, complete to the LCP so the user can continue typing and pressing tab to narrow down further:

```bash
$ ls xyz_<TAB>
# Completes to LCP: xyz_foo (shared by all three entries)
$ ls xyz_foo

# User types "_"
$ ls xyz_foo_<TAB>
# Completes to LCP: xyz_foo_bar (shared by xyz_foo_bar/ and xyz_foo_bar_baz/)
$ ls xyz_foo_bar

# User types "_"
$ ls xyz_foo_bar_<TAB>
# Only one match remains, completes with trailing /
$ ls xyz_foo_bar_baz/
```

Notice that the trailing `/` only appears on the final completion when exactly one match remains.

The same logic applies to files. If the entries are `readme.txt` and `report.txt`:
```bash
$ cat r<TAB>
# Completes to LCP: re (shared by both files)
$ cat re

# User types "a"
$ cat rea<TAB>
# Only one match remains, completes with trailing space
$ cat readme.txt 
#                ^
```


### Replacing Bell Behavior

This stage replaces the bell behavior from previous stages. Now, when multiple matches exist:
- If they share a common prefix longer than what's typed: complete to the LCP (no bell)
- If they don't share any additional prefix: ring the bell on the first tab, list matches on the second tab (like before)

### Tests

The tester will create nested entries and execute your program:
```bash
$ ./your_program.sh
```

It will then test progressive tab completion:
```bash
$ ls xyz_<TAB>
$ ls xyz_foo_<TAB>
$ ls xyz_foo_bar_<TAB>
$ ls xyz_foo_bar_baz/
```

The tester will verify that:
- Each tab press completes to the longest common prefix of the remaining matches
- The user can type additional characters to narrow down matches between tab presses
- The trailing character (space or slash) only appears when exactly one match remains

### Notes

- The LCP is computed on entry names without trailing characters. The `/` or space is only added when exactly one match remains.
- Even if the LCP matches a complete entry name (e.g., `foo` when entries are `foo` and `foobar/`), don't add a trailing character if multiple matches still exist.

Commit message:

Revise longest common prefix and bell behavior details
Updated the explanation of the longest common prefix and its behavior in tab completion. Clarified the bell behavior and provided examples for better understanding.

stage_descriptions/filename-completion-06-jp8.md, after:

In this stage, you'll handle partial completions using the longest common prefix.

### Longest Common Prefix

The longest common prefix (LCP) is the longest string that all matching entries share at the start. For example:
- `xyz_foo`, `xyz_foo_bar`, `xyz_foo_bar_baz` have the LCP `xyz_foo`
- `readme.txt`, `report.txt` have the LCP `re`
- `app.py`, `data.json` have no common prefix (empty LCP)

When multiple matches exist:
- If they share a prefix longer than the current input: complete to the LCP
- If they don't: ring the bell on the first tab, list matches on subsequent tab presses (like in previous stages)

For example, if these entries exist in the current directory:
- `xyz_foo/`
- `xyz_foo_bar/`
- `xyz_foo_bar_baz/`

The user can progressively complete using the LCP:
```bash
$ ls xyz_<TAB>
# Completes to LCP: xyz_foo (shared by all three entries)
$ ls xyz_foo

# User types "_"
$ ls xyz_foo_<TAB>
# Completes to LCP: xyz_foo_bar (shared by xyz_foo_bar/ and xyz_foo_bar_baz/)
$ ls xyz_foo_bar

# User types "_"
$ ls xyz_foo_bar_<TAB>
# Only one match remains, completes with trailing /
$ ls xyz_foo_bar_baz/
```

Notice that the trailing `/` only appears on the final completion when exactly one match remains.

The same logic applies to files. If the entries are `readme.txt` and `report.txt`:
```bash
$ cat r<TAB>
# Completes to LCP: re (shared by both files)
$ cat re

# User types "a"
$ cat rea<TAB>
# Only one match remains, completes with trailing space
$ cat readme.txt 
#                ^
```

If the entries have no additional common prefix (e.g., `foo` and `foobar/`):
```bash
$ ls foo<TAB>
# LCP is "foo" which is already typed, bell rings
$ ls foo<TAB>
# Lists matches
foo  foobar/
$ ls foo
```

### Tests

The tester will create nested entries and execute your program like this:
```bash
$ ./your_program.sh
```

It will then test progressive tab completion:
```bash
$ ls xyz_<TAB>
$ ls xyz_foo_<TAB>
$ ls xyz_foo_bar_<TAB>
$ ls xyz_foo_bar_baz/
```

The tester will verify that:
- Each tab press completes to the longest common prefix of the remaining matches
- The user can type additional characters to narrow down matches between tab presses
- The trailing character (space or slash) only appears when exactly one match remains

### Notes

- The LCP is computed on entry names without trailing characters. The `/` or space is only added when exactly one match remains.
- Even if the LCP matches a complete entry name (e.g., `foo` when entries are `foo` and `foobar/`), don't add a trailing character if multiple matches still exist.
