stage_descriptions/filename-completion-02-ue6.md, before:

In this stage, you'll add support for completing to a file in a nested path.

### Completion to a File in Paths

When completing a token that contains a path (e.g., with `path/to/f`) and the match is a file:

1. Split the token into a directory part and a prefix. For eg, The directory part is `path/to/` and the prefix is `f`.
2. List entries inside the specified directory that match the prefix.
3. Complete the token with the matching file name and add a trailing space.

For example:

```bash
$ cat path/to/f<TAB>
# In the same line
$ cat path/to/file.txt 
```

### Tests

The tester will create a single file inside a directory, e.g. `path/to/file.txt`.

The tester will then execute your program like this:

```bash
$ ./your_program.sh
```

It will then simulate user input and tab presses:

```bash
$ cat path/to/f<TAB>

# In the same line
# With a trailing space
$ cat path/to/file.txt 
```

The tester will verify that:

- Pressing tab after the given text autocompletes to the file name
- A trailing space is inserted after the completion.

### Notes

- In this stage, you'll only need to handle cases of single matching completion. We'll get to directories in paths and multiple completions in later stages.

Commit message:

Fix swapped stage description contents for ue6 and lc6
The stage description files for ue6 (Directory name completion) and lc6
(Completion to a file in paths) had their contents swapped. This fixes
the issue by swapping the contents back to match the correct stage slugs
as defined in course-definition.yml.

stage_descriptions/filename-completion-02-ue6.md, after:

In this stage, you'll add support for directory name completion for command arguments.

### Directory Name Completion

When the user presses `<TAB>` while typing an argument and the match is a directory:

1. Complete the token with the matching directory name.
2. Append a trailing `/` and do not add a space.

For example:

```bash
$ rmdir p<TAB>
# In the same line
$ rmdir pig/

$ rmdir pig/<TAB>
# In the same line
$ rmdir pig/dog/
```

### Tests

The tester will create nested directories in the working directory, e.g. `pig/dog`.

The tester will then execute your program like this:

```bash
$ ./your_shell.sh
```

It will then simulate user input and tab presses:

```bash
$ ls <TAB>

# In the same line
# Without trailing space
$ ls pig/

# On next tab
# Without trailing space
$ ls pig/dog/
```

The tester will verify that:

- The first tab after the command (e.g. `rmdir `) autocompletes to the first directory with a trailing slash.
- The second tab autocompletes to the full nested path with a trailing slash.
- No trailing space is inserted after the slash.

### Notes

- In this stage, you'll only need to handle cases of single matching completion; we'll get to multiple completions in later stages.
