stage_descriptions/filename-completion-05-no5.md, before:

In this stage, you'll add support for handling filename completion in case of multiple matches.

### Handling Multiple Matches

When multiple files or directories match the current prefix:

1. First `<TAB>`: ring the bell (`\x07`) to indicate ambiguity.
2. Second `<TAB>`: list all matches in alphabetical order, separated by spaces, on a new line.
3. The original input remains on the prompt for continuation.

For example:

```bash
$ stat <TAB><TAB>
bar  foo/
$ stat 
```

### Tests

The tester will create multiple entries inside a directory. Eg.

- `bar.txt`
- `foo/`

```bash
$ ./your_program.sh
```

It will then simulate user input and tab presses:

```bash
$ stat <TAB><TAB>

# After 2 tab presses
$ stat 
bar.txt  foo/
```

The tester will verify that:
1. The first tab press rings the bell.
2. The second tab press displays all matching entries in alphabetical order.
    - The matches are separated by at least one space.
    - The matches are displayed on a new line.
3. The prompt reappears with the original input preserved.

Commit message:

Revise "Multiple matches #no5"
Updated the instructions for handling filename completion to clarify tab completion behavior and formatting of matches.

stage_descriptions/filename-completion-05-no5.md, after:

In this stage, you'll handle tab completion when multiple entries match.

### Handling Multiple Matches

When multiple files or directories match the current prefix:
1. First `<TAB>`: Ring the bell (`\x07`) to indicate multiple matches exist
2. Second `<TAB>`: List all matches in alphabetical order on a new line

When listing matches:
- Separate entries with at least one space (two spaces are recommended for readability)
- Show directories with a trailing `/`
- Show files without any trailing character

For example, with entries `bar.txt` and `foo/`:
```bash
$ stat <TAB>
# Bell rings, no change to input
$ stat <TAB>
bar.txt  foo/
$ stat 
```

Since the original input remains on the prompt, the user can continue typing to narrow down the matches.

### Tests

The tester will create multiple entries (e.g., `bar.txt` and `foo/`) and execute your program like this:
```bash
$ ./your_program.sh
```

It will then simulate user input:
```bash
$ stat <TAB><TAB>
bar.txt  foo/
$ stat 
```

The tester will verify that:
- The first tab press rings the bell
- The second tab press displays all matching entries in alphabetical order
- The matches are separated by at least one space
- Directories are shown with a trailing `/`
- The matches are displayed on a new line
- The prompt reappears with the original input preserved
