stage_descriptions/redirection-04-un3.md, before:

In this stage, you'll implement support for appending the standard error of a command to a file.

### The `2>>` Operator

The `2>>` operator is used to append the standard error of a command to a file.

Learn more about [Appending Stderr](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html#Appending-Redirected-Output).

### Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
./your_program.sh
```

It will then send a series of commands to your shell, executing commands, and appending their standard error to a file:

```bash
$ ls nonexistent >> /tmp/foo/baz.md
ls: nonexistent: No such file or directory
$ ls nonexistent 2>> /tmp/foo/qux.md
$ cat /tmp/foo/qux.md
ls: nonexistent: No such file or directory
$ echo "James says Error" 2>> /tmp/foo/quz.md
James says Error
$ cat nonexistent 2>> /tmp/foo/quz.md
$ ls nonexistent 2>> /tmp/foo/quz.md
$ cat /tmp/foo/quz.md
cat: nonexistent: No such file or directory
ls: nonexistent: No such file or directory
```

The tester will check if the commands are executed correctly and append their standard error to a file as specified. The file contents will also be checked for correctness.

Commit message:

Improve clarity on appending stderr with 2>> operator
Clarified the explanation of the `2>>` operator and its behavior regarding file creation and content preservation. Updated examples and testing instructions for better clarity.

stage_descriptions/redirection-04-un3.md, after:

In this stage, you'll implement support for appending the command's standard error to a file.

### The `2>>` Operator

The `2>>` operator appends the standard error of a command to a file. Unlike `2>`, which overwrites the file, `2>>` adds error messages to the end of the file and preserves any existing content.

If the file doesn't exist, it is created. If the file already exists, the new error output is added to the end.

For example: 

```bash
$ cat nonexistent1 2>> errors.txt
$ cat nonexistent2 2>> errors.txt
$ cat errors.txt
cat: nonexistent1: No such file or directory
cat: nonexistent2: No such file or directory
```

### Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
$ ./your_program.sh
```

It will then send a series of commands to your shell and append their standard error to a file:

```bash
$ ls nonexistent >> /tmp/foo/baz.md
ls: nonexistent: No such file or directory

$ ls nonexistent 2>> /tmp/foo/qux.md
$ cat /tmp/foo/qux.md
ls: nonexistent: No such file or directory

$ echo "James says Error" 2>> /tmp/foo/quz.md
James says Error

$ cat nonexistent 2>> /tmp/foo/quz.md
$ ls nonexistent 2>> /tmp/foo/quz.md
$ cat /tmp/foo/quz.md
cat: nonexistent: No such file or directory
ls: nonexistent: No such file or directory
```

The tester will verify that:
- Commands with `2>>` append their standard error to the specified file.
- Existing file content is preserved (not overwritten).
- Standard output still appears on the terminal (not redirected).
- Files are created if they don't exist.
