solutions/kotlin/01-oo8/code/README.md, before:

![progress-banner](https://codecrafters.io/landing/images/default_progress_banners/shell.png)

This is a starting point for Kotlin solutions to the
["Build Your Own Shell" Challenge](https://app.codecrafters.io/courses/shell/overview).

In this challenge, you'll build your own POSIX compliant shell that's capable of
interpreting shell commands, running external programs and builtin commands like
cd, pwd, echo and more. Along the way, you'll learn about shell command parsing,
REPLs, builtin commands, and more.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to
[codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your `shell` implementation is in `src/main/kotlin/Main.kt`.
Study and uncomment the relevant code, and push your changes to pass the first
stage:

```sh
git commit -am "pass 1st stage" # any msg
git push origin master
```

Time to move on to the next stage!

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `kotlin (>=2.0)` installed locally
1. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your program, which is implemented in
   `src/main/kotlin/Main.kt`.
1. Commit your changes and run `git push origin master` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.

Commit message:

Update Kotlin starter templates and configurations
- Refactored the project structure to use Gradle for building and running the application.
- Updated the entry point for the shell implementation to `app/src/main/kotlin/App.kt`.
- Enhanced `.gitignore` files to include Gradle-specific entries and removed unnecessary files.
- Updated `codecrafters.yml` and `gradle.properties` to reflect the new Kotlin version (2.2).
- Added necessary Gradle configuration files and scripts for building and running the application.
- Removed the old `Main.kt` file and adjusted README and other documentation accordingly.

solutions/kotlin/01-oo8/code/README.md, after:

![progress-banner](https://codecrafters.io/landing/images/default_progress_banners/shell.png)

This is a starting point for Kotlin solutions to the
["Build Your Own Shell" Challenge](https://app.codecrafters.io/courses/shell/overview).

In this challenge, you'll build your own POSIX compliant shell that's capable of
interpreting shell commands, running external programs and builtin commands like
cd, pwd, echo and more. Along the way, you'll learn about shell command parsing,
REPLs, builtin commands, and more.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to
[codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your `shell` implementation is in
`app/src/main/kotlin/App.kt`. Study and uncomment the relevant code, and push
your changes to pass the first stage:

```sh
git commit -am "pass 1st stage" # any msg
git push origin master
```

Time to move on to the next stage!

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `gradle (9.1.0)` installed locally
1. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your program, which is implemented in
   `app/src/main/kotlin/App.kt`.
1. Commit your changes and run `git push origin master` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.
